README.md, before:

# Marvel Heroes

Welcome to **Marvel Heroes**! An app that showcases information about Marvel superheroes and their comics. This app allows users to explore a vast collection of heroes, view their details, and browse through the associated comics.

## Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="assets/AppCovers.jpg" alt="Screenshots" />
</div>

## Features

- **Browse Heroes**: Explore a list of Marvel superheroes and their key information.
- **Hero Details**: View detailed information about a specific superhero, including their name, description, and related comics.
- **Comic appearances**: Get a list for all the comics associated with a hero with a cover image and title.

## Technologies Used

- **React Native** v0.63
- **Typescript**
- **Redux Toolkit**
- **Apisauce**
- **React Navigation**
- **Jest & React Native Testing Library**
- **Husky**
- **ESLint & Prettier**
- Developing target: Android

## Setup

Install the dependencies. Run the following command in the project root:

```
npm install
```

Start the Metro Bundler running the following command in the project root:

- Visit the [React Native documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/0.63/environment-setup) for environment setup instructions.

```
npm start
```

Open a new terminal and run:

```
npm run android
```

To run the test suite, use the following commands:

```
npm test

npm run test:coverage
```

## Project Status

Project is: _Done_

Commit message:

Update readme with installation config

README.md, after:

# Marvel Heroes

Welcome to **Marvel Heroes**! An app that showcases information about Marvel superheroes and their comics. This app allows users to explore a vast collection of heroes, view their details, and browse through the associated comics.

## Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="assets/AppCovers.jpg" alt="Screenshots" />
</div>

## Features

- **Browse Heroes**: Explore a list of Marvel superheroes and their key information.
- **Hero Details**: View detailed information about a specific superhero, including their name, description, and related comics.
- **Comic appearances**: Get a list for all the comics associated with a hero with a cover image and title.

## Technologies Used

- **React Native** v0.63
- **Typescript**
- **Redux Toolkit**
- **Apisauce**
- **React Navigation**
- **Jest & React Native Testing Library**
- **Husky**
- **ESLint & Prettier**
- **Developing target:** Android

## Setup

The Project was developed using Node version `16.20.0`.

Install the dependencies. Run the following command in the project root:

```
npm install
```

Once the installation has finished, make sure that the `tsconfig.json` matches the one present in the repository.

Start the Metro Bundler running the following command in the project root:

- Visit the [React Native documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/0.63/environment-setup) for environment setup instructions.

```
npm start
```

Open a new terminal and run:

```
npm run android
```

To run the test suite, use the following commands:

```
npm test

npm run test:coverage
```

## Project Status

Project is: _Done_
